>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Services, a service
is generally by that 99% of the time,
is a class 100% of the time.
I've actually only ever
used them as classes.
But Pascal,
there are ways that you can actually,
essentially use an enom or a value.
So when they go one,
you can go dot value or dot constant.
You can do that, but
generally a service is just a class.
And it should do one specific thing.
So this is single purpose role, and
what you want to do is take the burden
of business logic out of your components,
and put into a service.
So it's going back to this graph,
is you want to keep your
components as thin as possible.
So components really,
in my opinion, have two jobs.
One, to consume the data that it
needs to satisfy its template.
Secondly, is to capture user information
and convey that to a service for handling.
I see a hand coming up.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so
question again from Annie.
Would the constructor ever run before
the dom is finished rendering?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, that is
a possibility.
For instance, if within your you, the dom,
was dependent on something
that was still coming.
So the constructural run before your
bindings are completely initialized,
which means that if your
bindings aren't initialized,
then certain things
are not going to render.
So that's absolutely why we use or
we use life cycle hooks.
Specifically to make sure
that something doesn't run
before the dom is even done rendering, or
even able to render.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
it's considered best practice
to always use injectable so
that the metadata is generated correctly.
So technically you can write a service
that doesn't use injectable, but
if that service has any dependencies,
in other words you're trying to inject
something else into it, it will fail.
So just by default,
I always make it a point to
put just Injectable on top of my service.
So you can see here, it's just a class,
and we're just going @Injectable.
Remember they're functions so you always
have to call them, this will be a got you.
I'm certain somebody's going to
forget to put that in there.
The parenthesis, and
something your gonna throw an error.
And so we have here, just a class
methods properties constructors,
and we make it available
through Injectable.
And then we, as we saw in the ng module,
then you just have to import it, and
then add it into your providers array.